---

date: 2019-12-14 08:15:07
categories:
    - 暖暖写作空间-writing
title: Maybethat’sHermia’sfate.
description: "The tremendous trees gently sweeping the floor. From afar, it looks like millions of silk ribbons ma..."
---

The tremendous trees gently sweeping the floor. From afar, it looks like millions of silk ribbons made out of an unremarkable shade of green. The fallen flower petals arise into the sky, causing a beautiful flower rain. The cheerful chirping flowers and the beautiful smell of flowers. There are more flowers than I could ever count, she swore she tried to count them. Those rainbow flowers fluttering in the sky was the last scene she recounted. “O! What shame it is to leave this place” She exclaimed before emptiness took over her. Her vision got blurrier and blurrier and blurrier, to the point she fainted. She did not recall anything after that. After a while, she woke up on a pile of twigs, at least that’s what she thought it was. Her eyes twitched a few time, and her eyes slowly opened. She deliberately got up from the “Pile of twigs”. “Am I in a barn? What is this rusty place?” She wondered. She felt like she forgot something, but she still remembers her home… When she arose, she realized it was much more than a “Pile of twigs” It was beautiful, but not quite as nice as the garden she recalls barely. The twigs were twisted together to make a dainty little garden bench. The ends had daisy rings thrown on it. All of it was made by terribly common materials, but it was so much more dainty than those stubborn chairs back in the village. She shivered while recalling the terrible memory. She sometimes wonders, if people could elaborate on everything they make with their either hands or mind. Wouldn’t the world be a lot better? She lowered her head and shook her head, her curled long hair was untied and the hair tie fell to the ground. But she was so deep into thought, didn’t even notice. She slowly rose her head and gently tucked her hair beside her ear, and spotted a shining river from about a stroll from where she was. And indeed, she went for a stroll to the river. “Where am I even? Why am I wandering around here? I should possibly find a way home...” she thought on the way. Without realizing, she was already at her destination. Her reflection shined in the water, suddenly she remembered something. “H-Hermia” She whispered into her ear several times Hermia remembered everything, her village, her past life, the garden. Hermia looked into the river again, she observed herself. A girl with long curvy almond hair, ending around her knees, a dainty little face with freckles, eyes sparkling of curiosity, slightly pouty lips, ears slightly pointier than normal ears, a rustful circular black glasses. That’s who Hermia saw, she continued looking downwards. A slim neck, small shoulders, an elegant torso covered with a long white dress ending at her knees, long pianist hands, long slim legs that's nearly skin and bones, and a little moon birthmark near her knees. Hermia suddenly heard a song, arousing her, she couldn’t help but follow the song. Days, days and days of walking. The song becoming louder, louder and louder. Her eyes were no longer bright and curious, her hair was no longer neat and curled, her cloth was no longer even white. But the “Birthmark” Got darker and darker. Until one day, the moon birthmark shined a tremendous white light. It wont stop glowing. Soon she became blind by the light, she cried all night and moaned in her sleep. She realized she was back in the garden, she recalled “The cheerful chirping flowers and the beautiful smell of flowers.” “The trees gently sweeping the floor” She busted into tears and embraced the flowers. Suddenly her body went light, lighter than a feather. Still embracing the flowers, she flew towards the sky. The roots of the flowers got tugged out and withered. Hermia held on to the flowers with all her might while she flied...towards the sky. Hermia’s slept a day, two days, three days, until she couldn’t count. She was still soaring upwards. The flowers were all withered, except the one in the middle. Still bright as ever, still blooming, never ending. Maybe that’s Hermia’s fate.